h1. Cupcake Delight in SPAAAAACE

#hackwhiteday HTML/Javascript Game

Nominated for __Most Nauseatingly Cute__ Award.

*Play Now* at https://nickbreslin.github.io/Cupcake-Delight-in-Space/

h2. Authors

h3. Nick Breslin, Programming

E-Mail: "nickbreslin@gmail.com":mailto:nickbreslin@gmail.com

h3. Alexa Booth, Design & Illustration

h2. Setup

To play, open *index.html* in your browser. All assets are stored locally, so you do not need an active Internet connection.

h2. License

The intention of sharing this project is for educational purposes.

* Original code assets (.css, .html, .js files) are under "MIT license":http://copyfree.org/licenses/mit/license.txt.
* Art assets (.png and .jpg files) are not available for re-use or modification in any way, shape or form. They are distributed with the releases to maintain functional integrity.
* cupcake.ico (favicon), credited to "axdxnNadia":http://www.favicon.cc/?action=icon_list&user_id=126491 from favicon.cc under Creative Commons license.
* Third-party resources (jQuery, Bootstrap) include details for their own licenses.


h2. Releases & Changelog

h3. v1.0 - Hackathon Release

* Created during "White Day Hackathon":http://hackwhiteday.eventbrite.com/


h3. v1.1 - Public Release

The objective of this release was to provide a clean and simplified version of the HTML, CSS and Javascript for others to easily follow and learn from.

* [FIXED] Cupcakes not appearing in Safari.
* [FIXED] Cupcake rotation resumes after drag/drop event.
* [CHANGE] Cupcake rotation implemented only for Chrome and Firefox.
* [CHANGE] All third-party scripts are stored locally instead of CDN hosted.
